Update mirroring.md (#1655)
demisto/content-docs: docs/integrations/mirroring.md

If the command is not implemented, raise `NotImplementedError` so ***get-remote-data*** will be called instead. If the command fails to return an error entry with one of the following sub-strings: `API rate limit` or `skip update` (exact case), it signals to the server that there is an issue and it should not continue with the ***get-remote-data*** command. 
- ***get-remote-data***: Gets new information about the incidents in the remote system and updates *existing* incidents in Cortex XSOAR. If an API rate limit error occurs, this method should return an error with substring `"API rate limit"`, so that the sync loop will start from the failed incident.
This command is executed every 1 minute for each individual **incident** fetched by the integration.

> - ***update-remote-system***: Updates the remote system with the information we have in the mirrored incidents within Cortex XSOAR. This command is executed whenever the individual incident is changed in Cortex XSOAR. **Note: This command will only trigger when adding a tag to an entry.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ***update-remote-system***: Updates the remote system with the information we have in the mirrored incidents within Cortex XSOAR. This command is executed whenever the individual incident is changed in Cortex XSOAR. **Note: This command will be triggered when changing a field value. When adding an entry, this command will be triggered only if a tag is inserted.**
```
